What happened?
Um, nothing.
Hmm.
Caleb, do you know why
Jehovah wants us to tell the truth?
Telling the truth
is like building a bridge with your friends.
If you lie, they can’t believe you.
And they might not want to be your friend.
But Dad, what if it’s not such a big lie?
All lies are bad, even little ones.
One lie leads to another,
and they cause much harm.
Do you remember who told the first lie?
Satan?
Right.
But what about Jesus?
Would he ever lie?
Who do you want to be like?
I want to be like Jesus.
Good, my son.
So, what happened there?
I broke it.
It was an accident.
I crashed my plane.
Thank you for telling the truth.
The next time something like this happens,
what should you do?
I’ll tell the truth.
And can I tell Mom that I’m sorry?
Good idea.
Let’s go do that right now,
and then we’ll pick up the broken pieces.